Update CDN Error Codes (#1372)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/error/application/FUNCTION_PAYLOAD_TOO_LARGE.mdx

import Standard from '~/components/layout/standard'
import Note from '~/components/text/note'
import { InlineCode } from '~/components/text/code'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Function Payload Too Large',
  description:

>     'The request's body to the function is too large',

Reviewer: This should fix the build error.
```suggestion
    'The request\'s body to the function is too large',
```

>     'The request\'s body to the function is too large',

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    'The request\'s body to the function is too large.',
```

  editUrl: 'pages/docs/error/application/FUNCTION_PAYLOAD_TOO_LARGE.mdx',
  lastEdited: '2019-10-07T13:41:14.000Z'
}

#### Application Error

> An error occurred in the application when requesting a serverless function with a payload exceeding `6MB`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An error occurred in the application when requesting a Serverless Function with a payload exceeding `6MB`.
```
